added nyu fcrn depth prediction model (#1670)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/fcrn-dp-nyu-depth-v2-tf/fcrn-dp-nyu-depth-v2-tf.md

# fcrn-dp-nyu-depth-v2-tf

## Use Case and High-Level Description

FCRN ResNet50 UpProj is a model for monocular depth estimation trained by NYU Depth V2 dataset,
  as described in the paper [Deeper Depth Prediction with Fully Convolutional Residual Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.00373). 

>   The model input is a blob that consists of a single image of "1x228x304x3" in RGB order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The model input is a single color image.
```

I think this is less confusing, because the dimensions and the channel order are different between the original and converted models.
